LUNAR ECLIPSE (?):

Lunar Eclipse is a piece created in awe of Barry Truax's Solar Ellipse, inspired by Truax's impressive use of FM synthesis
complemented by an intriguing track organization structure. If were to imagine Solar Ellipse 
as a vibrant work and energizing work, imagine Lunar Eclipse as a work analogous as the moon is to the sun, cool, mysterious,
and lurking. Overall, this piece hopes to capture the listener on a macroscopic level through it's derivative structure based on Solar
Ellipse and on a microscopic level through it's varied use of FM and FM BLN in addition to SGS
and a touch of AGS used in voice-like formant synthesis maneuvers throughout the piece. On a broader spectrum of analysis, the piece
also employs additive synthesis techniques regarding it's cyclic introduction and removal of tracks from the score, as well as
pitch paradox as it uses a plethora of elliptical panning that result in fundamental frequencies being heard as synths are leaving and
returning to the stereo channel.

To dive deeper into the piece's use of FM and FM to create BLN noise, it is crucial to first understand the macro-structure 
of the work (inspired by Barry Truax's organization method described here: http://www.sfu.ca/~truax/solar.html, for a visual
reference of this piece's structure and notable reflection points please see Gaimari_final.xlsx). To elaborate, the piece is exactly
3:05 in duration, divided into 2 halves of 90 seconds and one middle section of 5 seconds. Each half is comprised of 12 sub-segments that
are 7.5 seconds each. From here the piece can be divided into 11 tracks, 5 FM, 5 FM to produce BLN, 1 SGS & AGS. Essentially each FM synth
represents a different frequency and FM family, each FM BLN synth represents a different frequency, and the SGS synth represents a continuous
voice through the piece. The FM synths are enveloped about their carrier ratios and modular indexes based on these ratios, the BLN
synths are enveloped about their mod indexes to increase and decrease the bandwidth of their spectrum and finally the SGS synth transitions between
formants is modulated by an envelope with regards to its amplitude.

